Move Events reference as one article under DOM API (#40443)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/9/index.md

- DOM Level 3 [composition events](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CompositionEvent) are now supported.
- The {{ domxref("Document.scripts") }} attribute has been implemented; this returns an {{ domxref("HTMLCollection") }} of all the {{ HTMLElement("script") }} elements on the document.
- The {{ domxref("Document.queryCommandSupported()") }} method has been implemented.

> - The set of events that can be listened for on {{ HTMLElement("body") }} elements has been revised to match the latest draft of the HTML5 specification. The list of events in the [DOM event reference](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Events) reflects which events can be listened for on {{ HTMLElement("body") }}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The set of events that can be listened for on {{ HTMLElement("body") }} elements has been revised to match the latest draft of the HTML5 specification. The list of events in the [DOM events](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Events) guide reflects which events can be listened for on {{ HTMLElement("body") }}.
```
